{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This period has been both demanding and rewarding, as I navigated significant organizational changes, a shifting project portfolio, and the challenges of wartime conditions in Israel. \
\
I took ownership of one of the Pathfinder project, building trusted relationships with stakeholders and leading a team of data scientists and engineers. Together, we delivered a high-impact transformation tool and the first useful agentic framework in the Labs.\
\
I focused on earning trust and building strong cross-functional relationships\'97particularly with Kyle, Idan, and Anne\'97which enabled effective resource balancing, smooth execution, and increased stakeholder confidence. I also prioritized developing others by motivating the team to pursue long-term, strategic initiatives such as Classification, Extraction, Anonymization, and RAGs.\
\
Throughout, I\'92ve appreciated the trust and support of my manager, John, whose feedback and guidance have helped me grow. I remain committed to delivering results while supporting the growth and resilience of the team in a complex and evolving environment.\
\
\
I led the team in securing multiple MRM approvals for key initiatives, including Orion, Astra, DDQ, Ethos, and HR Pathfinder. We also developed an automated and validated approach to support these approvals and enhance model governance. I proactively raised execution risks in a timely manner, proposed mitigation strategies, and took on additional responsibilities by shadowing other roles to ensure continuity and control throughout project delivery.\
\
\
Delivered data science components across several strategic initiatives, including MarketOps, Falcon, Orion, Astra, and DDQ. Took end-to-end leadership of the HR Pathfinder project, achieving results with significant material impact on the organization within just two months. Additionally, led the PolicyHub initiative, demonstrating high accuracy rates and tangible business value. Contributed to long-term innovation by delivering core GenAI capabilities\'97Classification, Extraction, Anonymization, and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)\'97which support scalable solutions across multiple business areas.\
\
\
\
Collaborated with multiple business units across the organization to identify opportunities and deliver meaningful outcomes for internal clients. Led and facilitated discovery sessions with stakeholders to define high-value use cases for the HR Pathfinder project, and worked closely with the Astra team to map the policy change journey and clarify evolving business requirements. Additionally, represented the Labs in broader forums and Citi-wide webinars, showcasing our capabilities and strengthening our presence across the franchise.\
}